You're his man.
You need to discipline him.
If something goes wrong outside,
it'll be a big trouble.
Thank you for reminding me.
But this is my family matter.
I know what to do.
We are not a family.
He doesn't come in.
Do you know why I'm here?
I'm here to give you a gift.
Bring him here.
Brother Weiquan
What do you mean?
When you went to Qinglong Fortress with Jinya,
Long Yue and I didn't want to talk to you.
We tied you up today.
and apologize.
What should we do with this?
The man you caught
to Black Tiger Mountain.
This is against the rules.
Rules?
Speaking of swordsmen's rules,
even Old Leopard is far worse than me.
I told you
he's mine.
Make a cut and I'll learn.
Uncle Erbai
colluded with the Japanese
to sow discord between
and Master Wu Liu of Qingfeng Camp.
and Master Wu Liu of Qingfeng Camp, right?
Nonsense.
I didn't.
Just say you do.
Yes.
Okay.
Just admit it.
How about this?
You just need to take us to catch the Japanese.
I'll spare your life.
Brother, say something.
What if he doesn't want to?
Is he the one who doesn't want to?
or you don't want to?
What if I don't?
Listen.
You have to deal with it.
You have to.
He left it here.
I have something to do.
I'll see what you'll do after that.
See you.
Brother, let's go.
Brother.
Deyou. Deyou.
Deyou.
What should we do?
Lock him in the wooden prison first.
Yes.
Brother.
Sun Jiuhuan is here.
What are you going to do with the troops of Eagle Camp Mountain?
Since Huo Lang and Meng Shi
have intervened in this,
I think they must have a plan.
Eagle.
It's getting late.
We should go.
Don't leave my sight.
Let's go.
Brother.
Xiaopian Brothers are here. Have a seat.
Our hometown
of our hometown.
You have one too.
Back then,
how did you come to me?
Speaking of which,
for more than ten or twenty years.
I remember
when I escaped from DongSanxing,
I didn't know where I went.
When I was dying,
I almost choked
I almost choked to death.
Drink.
Boss.
Meixiang is here.
You two just drink like this?
Here.
Meixiang is so considerate.
Brother, you made
you are the matchmaker.
You still remember.
If I didn't fall in love with you,
Brother.
Her death anniversary is coming.
Shall I go with you to see her?
I’ll go by myself.
Madam.
I’m a woman.
I don't know
I don't know if I should say it.
Don't tell me if you don't know.
Let me say something.
Madam.
Eagle died early.
I treat Eagle as my daughter.
I'm not talking about Wu Zhen.
I just think...
Are you going to
marry our eagle?
I feel uncomfortable.
She's not your daughter.
Don't say those disgusting things.
Go home.
I also want
to keep Eagle by my side.
If the Japanese come here,
I don't even know
how long I can last.
Find her a family
I can rest assured.
Why are you looking at me?
Come to think of it,
our Ni
should find a way out.
Let me tell you.
If I don't like her,
she won't marry anyone.
You even like me.
Who else doesn't?
What are you talking about?
All right.
Let's drink.
Sister.
Are you hungry?
I brought you food.
Put it there.
Okay.
Sit.
Sister, what are you drawing?
A talisman.
What charm?
It can attract ghosts.
Why is there this charm?
I put it under the bed
put it under the bed.
This person will be possessed by a ghost the next day.
Really?
And?
He only listens to me all day.
He does whatever I tell him to do.
Do you want to try?
No, no, no.
Why do I need this?
The two silver coins you gave me are quite useful.
Sure.
I need to go out.
Go out?
As usual.
Got it.
Sister.
Coming.
Forget it.
I promise I won't talk.
Who are you trying to harm with that talisman?
Who knows?
Liar.
I repeat.
As long as the swordsman let him go,
who can't say their names and titles.
will be judged by Japanese spies.
The 30th Army.
Brigade 72, Wen...
Brigade Commander.
Are you okay?
Tell me. What is it?
The reporter surnamed Cai
started to act again.
Didn't I tell you?
Tong Lingdang is watching her.
Don't look at her so tightly.
But the bell said
she left with a talisman.
What is that?
It's a mess anyway.
What's that charm?
Don't worry about her.
Yiyang's troops have withdrawn.
So soon?
33 citizens of the year
I didn't expect it to be so soon.
to check it out.
Mr. Huo. Mr. Meng.
Is your boss on the mountain?
Mr. Tuo,
not only 17th Prince is here,
12th Prince came here half a day ago.
They're all on the mountain.
This is safer.
Mr. Cheng, please.
Long Yue. Fourth Brother.
Why are you here?
Who's tied up right now?
Long Yue.
It's a long story.
Catch Wang Shi 12! Wang Shi Er is upside down!
Brother, make way for me.
Guys, take Wei Chase Lee away first.
Wang Shi Er.
You're getting bolder.
How dare you attack me?
except Old Leopard.
Boss! Boss!
How dare you tie up our boss? Kill him!
Brother, the Moyun Ridge is going to change.
It's getting out of line.
Guys.
Don't you recognize me?
Who are you?
Are you blind?
This is Huo Lang, the head of QinFo Ye Ravine.
Mr. Huo.
I don't care who he is.
You can't kidnap our boss.
Fine.
You're quite loyal.
I like you.
What's your name?
My name is Chen Hu.
People call me Leng Lan.
Fine.
Fool Chen.
I'll handle this today.
It's wrong.
I'll listen to you.
You did the right thing.
I'll kill you.
Hit!
Twelve Wang.
Chase Lee advised you to join the Japanese
to let you live.
You don't know what's good for you.
Tie him up.
Zhi Ling.
Long Yue.
17.
Chase Lee.
Chase Lee!
Wake up.
Wake up, Chase Lee.
Chase Lee, wake up.
17.
Fourth Brother, come.
Fourth Brother.
Brother.
Brother
Wang Shi Er, that bastard!
I found a way out for him.
He tied me up.
Really?
He's so ignorant.
Sun Jiu Huan told me everything.
Wang Shi Er is so unreasonable.
Yes.
Brother.
If you and Fourth Brother hadn't come in time,
I would have died here today.
Wang Shi Er.
Do you know what you did wrong?
Major, good news.
The special class has approved the new plan.
Good.
Major.
There are only a few of us now.
Can we finish this big plan?
Something important.
You can't do it on your own.
With the support of Fuyang garrison,
we believe we will succeed.
Major,
and fight.
Let's redeem ourselves.
Brigade Commander! Brigade Commander!
How is it going?
As you said,
we won't fight the first Japanese.
Gather all firepower and stop them from reinforcements.
Okay.
Brother.
Are you...
Have you seen it clearly?
Let me tell you.
From now on, make a new rule.
Whoever dares to rely on the Japanese,
I'll kill him first.
Do you hear me?
Yes.
Fool.
Am I right?
I didn't know he's working for the Japanese.
If it's true,
you did nothing wrong.
We had a deal.
If I'm right,
I'll kill you.
I'm blind.
and followed you.
If you don't kill me,
if you don't kill me.
You're a man of integrity.
From now on, you'll be
you'll be the leader.
Brother.
Without my order,
is it appropriate for you to be the head?
Where are you going to tie him?
Qinglong Fortress.
Qinglong Fortress?
I know.
Old Leopard sent you to keep an eye on us.
Let’s follow him
with him.
Brother.
Fourth Brother.
Don’t blame me.
In fact, Madam
to us.
Especially to the people around me.
I'm not capable.
but I can tell right from wrong.
Am I not right or wrong?
Brother, that's not what I meant.
I mean
we can fight however we want.
But if it involves the Japanese,
I can understand it.
That's right.
Otherwise,
I have to kill one more person.
Long Yue.
How did you know
joined the Japanese?
Sun Jiu Huan told us.
Where is he?
We gave it to Wu Zhen.
Wu Zhen
is just like his father-in-law.
Follow me to Qinglong Fortress.
Yes.
Let's go.
Brother
There's a sister.
It's okay.
Wait a minute.
Here.
Thank you.
You eat first.
Let me talk to this lady.
Let's talk inside.
Yesterday you said
you were looking for a Communist Party named Wu Zhen.
No need. I was too anxious.
Brigade Commander Cui has promised me
to help me find him.
He knows the Communist Party.
I don't know.
You know what?
Brigade Commander Cui is a member of the National Party.
Of course I know.
Do you know
Communist Party and Nationalist Party are different.
What are you trying to say?
You little brat, how dare you
How dare you write a revolt?
Go!
Stop!
Young master wants to see you.
My father asked you to come?
Yes, it's chaotic now.
Master is worried about you.
Tell my father. No need.
After I teach them,
after I teach them.
Young Master, Master also said
take these kids
Take them back! Go!
Let them go!
What do you think?
I can't stay here anymore.
I have another place.
Welcome, Mr. Huo.
You are...
Are you really being polite?
We came all the way here.
This leopard
Why didn't he move his butt?
Leopard.
Who is talking about me?
Old Leopard.
You...
still so strong.
Aren't you doing well too?
Please.
Okay, let's go.
Your waist is still so straight.
Your horse is so good.
We haven't seen each other for more than ten years.
Yes, it's been more than ten years today.
It's not a festival.
Are you here
to see if I'm dead or not?
No.
This old leopard is funny.
Tell me.
I've been waiting for more than ten years.
I don't care if I wait another two years.
Okay.
I'll give you two more years.
Let's get down to business.
I killed Wei Chase Lee.
And...
That's right.
Come here.
Do you see him?
I like him.
From now on, he'll be in charge of the Bug Hill.
Is that okay with you?
I understand.
You're making two things
in one sentence.
First, kill Chase Wei.
That's right.
Second,
You want him to be the head of Bug Ridge?
Yes.
What’s your name?
Boss, my name is Chen Hu.
I’m not afraid.
You look like a leader.
Let me ask you.
Why did Huo Lang kill Wei Chase Lee?
You old leopard.
Do I have to tell you when I kill someone?
If you don't tell me,
Of course I have to ask him.
Did you say hello to me
when you killed Jintooth?
How dare you!
You're trying to become a demon.
How dare you talk here?
Guards!
Cui Wenkui didn't come to make trouble, right?
No.
His three groups are across the road.
Are your men ready?
Don't worry.
They're all behind the slope.
Stop. Don't go.
Which part are you in?
Which part?
Drop your guns.
Put down these bandits!
Drop your guns!
Drop the gun.
You guys...
are not good at fighting demons.
You're good at dealing with your own people.
Go forward from here.
Youxi independent Brigade is waiting to recruit you.
Get lost.
Nice.
Take it. This gun is good.
Look at this gun
It's so nice. Take them all up.
It's loaded.
Are you okay? Wake up!
Help!
Miss.
What's wrong with her?
Sweetie, wake up.
Miss, wake up.
After enduring for so many years,
but I still can't.
Bullshit!
When did I put up with it?
Huo Qiusheng.
You've been arrogant since you came in.
Do you really think no one can punish you?
He Xiaopian,
You are getting bolder and bolder
You’re getting bolder.
How dare you talk to me like that?
Go down.
Do you know
the Japanese will be kicked out sooner or later.
By then, no matter his last name is Guo or his last name,
there will be no swordsman.
Huo Lang has always been careful.
I can't see what you said.
We'll talk about it later.
There's nothing to say then.
The brothers around you
are the ones you want to die with.
Don't lie to me.
Huo Lang, I've never been afraid.
I'm not afraid
I'm not afraid.
But these brothers
were poor people who couldn't eat.
In the eyes of outsiders, we are bandits.
But we know that
we're forcing Liang Shan.
Aren't you afraid
Aren't you afraid?
You're a leopard.
Don't you want me to have a bright future?
Everyone has to copy
for the homework I assigned yesterday.
We'll have food when it's done.
Okay, brother.
That's Mr. Wu's.
The Mr. Wu you mentioned
play shadow puppets?
Mr. Wu teaches us during the day.
He will play shadow puppets for us at night.
The Entrance of the Kingdom of Ze.
What can the people do?
You can't be conferred as a marquis.
A general's achievement will wither forever.
Mr. Wu taught you all this?
It's a pity that I can't learn from him anymore.
What about you?
You teach when you grow up.
No I want to be a soldier
Hit the Japanese.
Fine, let me ask you.
Is there a radio station in the pharmacy and here?
I don't know what a radio station is.
Tell me where the radio station is.
I'll help you find Wu Zhen.
Keep your promise.
Of course.
Come and help me.
You lied to me.
Let's go to study.
What a mess.
Captain, we received a telegram.
Code name: Hidden Flower.
Dark Flower?
Send a message to Yuxi independent Brigade.
to rescue her.
Yes.
Sir, it's from the Commander. Look.
The commander is in the secret room behind Oh Kyung-won's wardrobe.
Communist Party reporting equipment is found.
Rescue him.
Move this away.
Hurry.
It's you.
Take out the equipment inside.
and send them to my place.
Hurry up.
Brat.
I'll teach you a lesson!
Major.
The army and swordsmen gather strong power.
It's very unfavorable to our plan.
I have a new plan.
Make sure our army goes west smoothly.
I order
All units stop.
If we follow the defeat of China,
Isn't it the best time?
No.
I have a new plan.
Please help us.
Sir, please help us.
Help us!
Please be quiet.
Don't worry.
I’ll ask the superiors
to send medicine to you.
We will help you.
Thank you, sir.
Guys,
Bury the dead first.
Thank you, sir. Thank you.
Mr. Tanaka.
Why did the Imperial Army suddenly stop?
What does this mean?
Don't worry about that.
My judgment...
the relationship between Cui Wenkui and the swordsman
is much stronger than we expected.
What are you doing?
Who is it? Let go.
Let go.
What are you doing? Let go!
Mr. Tian Yuan, what's going on?
My child is so young.
What did he do wrong?
Why are you here
Why are you here?
I just finished school, so I came to pee.
I saw you were still up.
so I came to greet you.
Okay, it's late.
Go back to sleep.
You like studying.
What do you like to read?
I like the Journey to the West.
Kids like mythology.
Son, hurry up.
Go back and rest.
Okay, dad. You too.
Rest early.
Mr. He,
You sent all the concubines back to your hometown.
and left your precious son.
Aren't you afraid something might happen?
This son
is my lifeline.
Leave my eyelid for a moment.
I'm worried.
Besides,
I sent him back to my hometown.
I'm worried that he won't study hard.
Brigade Commander.
I didn't expect
is a military commander.
I didn't expect you to send someone to keep an eye on me.
What do you want?
I'm here
to do an interview with Brigade Commander Cui.
Sure.
But too many military secrets are involved.
Miss Cai is also a soldier.
You should know how to make a choice.
One more thing.
Don't get me involved
between you two.
Why are you still up so late?
I'm here to see you.
Father.
Those people were Japanese.
You...
Son.
I'm here
to tell you something sincere.
Go ahead.
I'm very happy
I'm very happy.
You've grown up.
You're a man now.
You will be successful in the future.
But I have to remind you.
No matter who you meet in the future,
no matter what they ask you,
you have to pretend that you don't know anything.
All you do is study.
Got it?
Father.
Why did you say that?
To live.
Don't you feel suffocated living like this?
No.
You'll feel sad if you can't live.
Father.
I don't want to live a miserable life.
Good son.
No matter how hard it is,
no matter how hard it is,
I'll bear it for you.
I only pray to God
to be safe.
Remember
what I just told you.
Okay.
Read your book.
I'm going back.
So there's no
Japanese will attack.
There's no sniper battle you mentioned.
Why don't they attack
and attack?
I don't know.
But I can't tell you
I can't tell you.
Next,
we are waiting for the Japanese to attack.
The situation on the battlefield is changing rapidly.
It's just a matter of timing.
Okay.
It seems that no matter what the situation is,
As a reporter,
I can only wait.
Captain Joo.
Yes.
Contact Wu Zhen for me.
Tell him I need to talk to him.
Yes.
Wu Zhen.
You asked me if I was a commie.
Yes.
Why?
Because I'm looking for someone called Wu Zhen.
Do you know him?
No.
It's okay then.
Actor table.
Li Sheng Ye.
Deng Bao Quan.
and actors.
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengseng, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo, Gong Jianfeng, Li Kaiwu, Zhuang, Tao, Sun Haochun.
Liu, Tong, Wang, Wang, Liu Jiawen, Sun, Jin, Wang Yukun.
Ji, Chao, Zhao Zhigang, Kung, Ji Youyi.
Yang Tao, Chen Yao, and Rui Qian.
Qin Haosen, Liu Mingjun, Zhang Liangliang, Lin Nan. Liu, Yu.
Xu Shidong, Liu Yongtao.
Du Geng Geng.
Chen Weigui Wang Ching Hua Wang Ching Yong Zhao Min-jie
Foreign King Xu Gan Xin Yan Long Zhao Changli
Staff table.
Director team.
The production team.
Photography team.
Lighting Team.
Cho Jeon-min.
The clothing team.
The dressing team.
Art team.
Execute art, Zeng So-wook.
Props team.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
Gunman Sun Hai
The recording team.
The venue team.
Zhao Gongli.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Kang Jiping.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Changshun Rong Xi.
Wang Bao Cheung, Su Gao Feng, Liu De Yu, Zhai Yongming. Zou Youwei.
Liu Hongxing.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li. Zhang Chang.
Teng Tie Yan, Xu Ian, Zhang Chou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang, Zhang Jianping
Cut.
Drama photo, Wu Xiaobo.
Late production.
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
One Zhu Jiaxin.
Jun Nan.
Chen Mingjun.
Xie Hong.
Xu Xiaojia.
A dubber.
Music production.
Theme song, Hero.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
The base of HongMong Red Film in Shandong. [The national 4A-class scenic area]
[Shandong Blumund Red Filming Base] [The national 4A-class scenic area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District
Shanzhou District, Temple Sheung-Mun's Government.
The Jade Association of Shanzhou District
[Sanmen Mingu Pu Theatre]
The Civilian Committee of Lingbao City
Jiangzhou Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
The People's Government
The PR Department of the Municipal Committee
The Commission of Shanzhou
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Shanzhou District.
The People's Government of Wenji County.
Henan Yunyang Liquor Co., Ltd.
Tianan Lake, Zhishan Lake City Wetland Park.
The Cultural Responsibility Co., Ltd.
Sanmen City Swan Lake Wetland Park.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
[Joint Film Co., Ltd.]
Joint filming unit.
Joint production unit.
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Henan Provincial Film Association.
Henan Film and TV Group Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Lan Yi Culture Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film Production Co., Ltd.
Sandao Watery Culture Development Co., Ltd.
Henan Elephant Film and TV Production Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
I'll reward Zhang Bing first.